welcome to outdoor adventures today
we're with Adam Sorenson from Dakota
girls out late frost in South Dakota
Adam unidad walia came up with this idea
of Dakota won't you tell us a little bit
about it okay well first of all we did
this about eight years ago we tried all
kinds of different girls dan never found
when we were happy with and we tried all
kinds of things charcoal too slow too
much effort now gasps dries things out
try some electric grills we even had a
jenn air for a few years and we
eventually we started experimenting and
eventually came up with this right here
and this is an electric dakota grill and
the way it works first of all we chose
to go electric so we can control the
airflow okay and that is key to make
really juicy meat so if you have too
much air flow it just takes that
moisture right away takes it right off
bubble dreiss things out okay now with
this since we're controlling that
airflow and we actually set that
specifically for the meat to make it
absolutely as juicy as possible and
that's steak we could leave that steak
on there for an hour after it's done and
it still be a wonderful steak you can
still impress the neighbors first of all
the moisture of course since we're
controlling that airflow that moisture
just stays in the grill okay it's a very
moist heat as opposed to a dry heat the
next thing that we do we've got
electronic controls here let me just
turn it on real quick and this tells you
this will monitor the grill temperature
and you can control it very precisely
and if you use the meat probe here that
will tell you your temperature as well
they just program abroad on you are okay
cool and that's as simple as that
program it you can walk away that's a
good deal imagine you can smoke with
easy so yeah absolutely hey if you want
smoke with it you fill this level full
try wood chips okay there's no need to
moist them and you're right alright cool
this is a deer at a neighbor shot and we
help to clean it get it ready most of it
we made into jerky I wanted to keep a
little bit just for really cuz it's it
is so good that keeps turn it all into
jerky alright what this is telling us
right now the grill is at 289 degrees
it's on warm mode so our meats done
cooking we'll take this
now remember nothing's been flipped
nothing's been touched it's been closed
the entire time you can see I don't look
at the stake here and see the juices on
this and just amazing amount of Jews and
that's what they'll marinade we just
throw it on there through a little
seasoning on that's all we did to it so
you can see the juices coming out when I
cuttin into this venison see it's
perfectly medium-rare and very very
moist in the shot okay good Oh fessional
venison like I've ever tasted before